<script>
*** Getting started on Unknowns

1- What kind of game is Unknowns ?
    It's a Strategic game that controls person life-cycle  

2- What are some of the features that make Unknowns special?
    * You can manage Students life cycle.
    * You can choose your Students freelance works to earn money and experience.
    * Students health, happines and energy bar makes the game exciting.
    * The chalenging desicion mechanism .
    * with the Character improvemnet you can specialize your character.
    * You can choose between different student departments.
    * Player ranking system.

3- What inspired the design of Unknowns

4- Will Unknowns have a multiplayer mode?
     * Not in this version. Due to our limited resources as well as design choices favoring a single player experience, it would not have been possible to make a traditional multiplayer mode without putting severe limits on many features such as advanced tactical combat and ancient powerful alien races.
     * We believe most players will really appreciate the depth of the single-player game experience and it will more than make up for the lack of a multiplayer mode in this version of Horizon.

5- What are the hardware requirements?
     A PC system purchased in the past 5 years capable of adequately running win98/2000/XP.
     Technically speaking a video card supporting the latest Microsoft DirectX, at least 256 megs of RAM and a Pentium/AMD 1ghz+ for acceptable gameplay speed. (Lower system specs may work albeit combat speed will suffer and is not recommended).

6- known issues

7- Troubleshoot acaunt issues
    
8- Sign up and manage your accaunt :
    
     + Change email adress
       Your email address on Unknowns is your Account email address (also known as your Unknowns username). 
    
     + Change language settings
        You have the option to select your language and location on your computer, Language settings change the text that appears.

    + change password 
        

    + Forget your password ?
        Reset Password  

9-  Creating accaunt 
   Enter your own information and enjoy the game!
    
10- Manage notifications 
    notifications let you know when there are new updates. We'll send you notifications for the gameplay. You can adjust your notifications or turn them off completely.

11- Ban information :

 + Square Punishment
     The punishment is given because of punishment, bad behavior or insulting someone.

 + Periodic Ban
     Periodic bans prevent you from entering the game. When you're full of time, the ban is lifted up on your own.

 + Permanent Ban 
    * Persistent bans never open and are used for very serious rule violations. 
    * Repeated rule violations result in serious and prolonged bans.

12- Why have i been banned ?
    In Complaints department.

13- I have been banned. Can I register new account and continue game?
    No, since you can't register. You'll need to be back again. Every time we find an account.

14- Where can i find the rules ?

15- One friend told me that he was abused. Can this happen?
    Crew members.

16- Someone promised to pay me some money. Can you help me?
    No, we can't help. The Unknowns doesn't take responsibility

17- My friend has been banned, I want to know why?
    We don't discuss bans with third parties.

18- Someone told me that he is using Proxy websites / IPs to play
    No, it is not allowed to use PROXY.

19- What do you think of a trade donation?
   First BUT it doesn't determinate our decisions. That Don't be scared, if you follow the rules.

20- What are the penalties for breaking the rules?
    It depends on violated rule. For minor crimes like insults or spam (more if relapse). If you're looking for a game, you'll be able to play banquet games with a banquet! For These are just sample penalties. I'll be back again! Then you can be banned permanently.

21- Does it cost anything to sign up?
    No, signing up to Gaming Frog is completely free!

22- Is Gaming Frog Legal?
    Gaming Frog is legal, given that the competitions that take place in our platform are considered games of skill. Skill-based gaming has a well-established legal, social and commercial history. Today, games of skill are available on most major media sites like AOL, MSN, Yahoo and are complemented by an emerging electronic sports (eSports) industry that lets professional gamers compete in popular video games with real money at stake.

23- How do I play ?
  Please follow the tutorial.

24- What about CD-Copy protection?
    None. We believe consumers should be able to make backup copies freely if they so wish. We also think most people will legally purchase games they want to play and support.

25-Sounds like another Strategic game, is it?
  It's a decision based strategic game, come and try it for yourself and let us know, what do you think about it.

26- Can i play with my ftiends ?
  It's solo based game.

27- Who is working on this game ?
   The game is made an published by Charlie group, an independent development group based in Istanbul,Turkey.

28- Which Platforms will Unknowns be available for ?
    The Unknowns is available for PC with windows OS.

29- What languages are supported during the game ?
   Currently, you can play Unknowns in English.

30- contact us.
   
   </script>



